custom fields: how to use text fields as facets (#420)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/customize/custom_fields/records.md

![Custom field as search facet](../img/search_facets.png)

#### Text fields

For a text field to work also as a facet/filter in the search, it needs to be defined as such via the `use_as_filter` flag.
Let's imagine the previous case instead of being a vocabulary of experiments, is a "free text input".

```python
RDM_CUSTOM_FIELDS = [
    TextCF(name="cern:experiment", use_as_filter=True),
    ...
]
```

> What will happen under the hood is that the text will be indexed both as text search, but also as exact match. The later is needed to support filtering by its values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What will happen under the hood is that the text will be indexed both as text search, but also as exact match. The latter is required to support filtering by its values.
```

> In addition, when configuring the facet the field needs to be suffixed by `keyword`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, when configuring the facet, the field needs to be suffixed by `keyword`:
```
